Hi guys, good evening, how are you all?
Can you hear me?
Okay, thank you.
Let's start the session in a little while.
Before that, we have some time, around 5 minutes.
So whoever is here, if you have any questions, you can ask.
Okay, let's start.
Okay,
Okay, so you can ask.
Sir,
I
know.
Can't say right now, honestly, because
but yeah, we'll try.
At least
I can conduct a meetup.
Most likely next month, July, may I'm planning to come there.
So we can have a meetup then.
I'm not from Delhi. Currently, I'm staying in
Gurdwara.
How many people have come?
We have around 38 people.
It's 6 o'clock. Let's wait for 2 more minutes and then start.
Because this is the first session, immediately starting at this time.
It's possible that some other people join.
On
10th, I guess, on 10th, there was one session where it is.
So, AI workplace, which is your actual name,
the course through which you have joined,
you will be shown in the past sessions orientation session.
Is there some newsletter also? Yes, we have
a newsletter. You remind me after class. I'll show you. It's not a newsletter.
Actually, it's a blog kind of setup where we
put an article every Saturday.
What happened in AI last week. So you can refer to that.
It's not a newsletter. You get an email in the newsletter.
We don't mail.
We have got so many courses in
single go. Is there any best sequence to follow considered starting from scratch?
I tackled exactly this question in the orientation session.
I told you that we have made a
roadmap. It's also on the YouTube channel.
If you follow that roadmap, you will get an idea
in which order you have to do which courses.
People have also talked about it in WhatsApp group. If you don't know
about the roadmap, then go to the YouTube channel. You will get it there.
It's a roadmap of around 3 hours.
Vishwanathan is saying,
would there be any session planned for explaining different agentic AI design
patterns like React and other patterns?
As such, I haven't planned it yet. I have explained React on YouTube channel.
There are other patterns as well I know.
We can have some sessions around that.
I will note it down.
Do we get a participation certificate at the end of 2 years? No Sunil.
You can generate a certificate of every individual course.
You won't get an overall certificate. You will get the certificate
of every individual course.
How to download the notes under your videos in parts of DSMP?
If it's a PDF file, then just right click
and save it. Is it possible to keep
sessions a bit late evening around 7 or 8 as it would be
great for working professionals? Yes, I know 8 would be
great. I have an issue with 8. 7 can be done but we will do that from next month.
Let's let this time pass this month.
Can you show from where we can access the notes?
Okay, Abhishek. Tell me at the end of the class when I will
screen share. I will show you.
I am not added to the WhatsApp group yet. Is there any link? Would need some direction around.
The course through which you have joined this live session,
you will get the link of the WhatsApp group on the top.
Usually when recordings will be uploaded.
If the session is still going on today, then you will get the recordings tomorrow morning.
Sir, when the mail arrives,
the reminder is the timing. If it was mentioned, it would have been better.
Timing is mentioned. It is written that the class is after 2 hours or 8 hours.
Can you
make an app for CampusX? There is a feedback for this.
Currently there is no plan but if everyone says, then we can try.
Is there any lecture on fine tuning?
Yes, there will be a lecture on fine tuning but there is some time in it.
Let's do one thing. Let's start the session.
I will take the questions after the session.
I am screen sharing once. Tell me once if you can see my screen.
Can you see my screen?
Yes.
Thank you.
Let's start.
Before starting, I would just say one thing. This is my first live session
in a long while. I don't think I have taken a live session
last year. So, it is possible that I am a bit rusty
in taking live sessions. So, it's okay. Please forgive me.
I will try to make the session good.
I have cleared this upfront. Now let's start the session.
What is the session about? We are basically
starting a new YouTube playlist. As I said,
there is an offering in this membership that we will not
put videos directly on YouTube. We will conduct live sessions.
You will attend those sessions and then we will edit these sessions and put them on YouTube.
You can read these things directly live.
You can interact with me. You can ask your doubts live.
So, today is the first session. We are calling it YouTube Sandbox.
So, today we are starting a new playlist.
The name of this playlist is LLM Evals.
What is in it? What all things come in it? We will discuss all that today.
So, let's start from the beginning.
If you talk about CampusX,
then from the last 18 months,
if you watch our videos or our paid courses,
then you will observe a pattern that we are targeting a particular
job profile. And the name of this job profile is
AI Engineer. And this job profile has come out in the last 4 years.
What is this job profile if you don't know?
AI engineers are basically engineers whose job is
to make LLM based applications.
Basically, to make such software applications that use
an LLM internally. Like a rag application or an agent.
So, my team and I have been targeting this job role
for the last 1.5 years. As in, to crack this job role,
we are covering the things that you will need to study.
So, we have covered a lot of things in this.
Starting with, we taught you first of all that
how you can orchestrate LLM based applications.
Meaning, how you can make a big application by combining multiple LLM calls.
How you can make a chatbot using
library like Lanching. We taught you
how to make rag systems.
We taught you how to run a course on prompt engineering.
We taught you how to make agents using different libraries.
Including libraries like Langraph.
Apart from that, we also taught you a lot of no code tools
which will help you to make LLM based applications like
Anitin, Make.com. So, the idea was
to teach you enough things so that you can
crack this job profile.
But, all the things that we have taught you so far,
everyone actually studies them. Everyone knows about them.
Anyone who studies for 6 months, he will know all these things.
He will know how to work on Lanching, rag, prompt engineering,
how to make agents. This new playlist that we are starting
is a new topic that very few people know about.
If you learn this, you will get two big benefits.
First big benefit is that your competitors
who will sit with you in interviews, you will get
an edge over them. They don't know this particular topic.
Because, this topic is not being taught at the mass level. You will search on YouTube
and you will not see enough videos. You will search on Udemy and you will not see enough
courses because this topic is coming on the surface. New things are being added.
So, this is the first benefit. You will get a competitive edge.
Second is, after reading this topic, you will feel that
there will be a change in your mindset.
I will tell you what change will come. Till now, whatever topics you have read,
after reading these topics, you may have made some projects on a personal level.
But, this particular topic, LLM eval,
which we are going to read, if you read this properly, then suddenly you
will start thinking that how can I make this particular project
for a company. So, suddenly, instead of thinking on a personal level,
you will start thinking on the scale of the company. This will be the benefit
after watching this particular YouTube playlist.
So, today's first session,
what are we going to do in this? We are going to do precisely three things.
First, we will understand that LLM eval
what is it?
Second, why do we need it?
Why do we need it? Second, I will show you
a complete landscape of LLM eval.
You may have heard many things.
You may have heard different tools, terms, but I will
show you a cohesive landscape through which you
will create a mental model in your mind as to what LLM eval
is and how different things are organized.
And the agenda of today's third video,
is that I will tell you an outline of this playlist.
That in every session,
what are we going to read and what prerequisites are needed for it.
By the way, for today's video, for today's session,
we don't need any prerequisites. If you haven't read the above topics,
then you will understand the session to a large extent.
Obviously, if you have read the topics, you will appreciate it more.
But let's say you haven't read it, then you will click on many things.
So, these are the three core agendas of today's session.
So, in a nutshell, if I summarize the discussion so far,
whatever we have read so far, some are completely different and
some are very powerful. You will feel very powerful
when you complete this entire playlist.
And there will be a shift in your mindset and you will start thinking
about things in the industry and production grade and you will be able to make better LLM applications.
So, the discussion so far is clear.
Write a yes and thumbs up so that we can start the session.
We were not starting it yet, we were just talking.
Okay.
So,
as always,
we will discuss that
why are we going to read the new topics
of LLM evals?
It is important to ask this question that
why are we reading the list if it is being read on a topic?
So, let's discuss this. First of all,
tell me, I am opening the chat. Can you tell me
how many of you have ever made any type of
LLM based application in your life? It can be
anything. It can be a basic chatbot using OpenAI
API or it could be a small scale rag application
or it could be a basic agent or it could be a multi agent architecture.
How many people have made any type of
basic LLM application here? I guess a lot of people will
say yes. Right, because if you are following this channel, then you must have
made such things together. Okay. Now comes my second
question. How many people evaluated such applications
after making them? Let's say you made
a small rag application and
did you evaluate it? This is the question.
So, some people are saying yes, some people are saying no.
Let me tell you my point. Generally, when I make these applications,
I evaluate them. But the way I evaluate them
is called wipe test.
Can anyone tell me what is wipe test?
What exactly is wipe test? There is an LLM application
and you are testing it. The simple meaning of wipe test is
that you manually
test your application. And what is the way to do it manually?
You throw 4-5 questions on it
that come to your mind at that time and you see,
understand and analyze the answer that yes, it is looking right.
And if you think the answer to those 5 questions is right, then you say
yes, it is working right and the project is done. This is called
wipe testing. First of all, tell me, does it sound
logical when you make an application for a proper
company or for a big client in the industry?
Will you do wipe test? Is it a good strategy?
Does it sound like a good strategy? That you have given 5 questions,
the right response was coming, it will be fine, let's deploy it.
I guess everyone here will agree that
this sounds risky. Now I know you are understanding
that it is risky but now I will tell you manually, not manually,
I will tell you with examples how risky it is. I will show you
3 case studies where people
literally deployed the LLM application after doing wipe test and
if it didn't work, I will tell you that. Before that, here is the definition of wipe
testing. Wipe testing means casually trying an LLM
application with a few prompt and judging it by feel.
Basically, I asked it 5-10 questions, the answer looked good,
so I think it works. It's informal, subjective and usually
not repeatable. Right? And it works only at the personal project
level. For serious production grade softwares,
wipe testing is not the way to go. You cannot evaluate production grade
LLM applications with wipe testing. If you do,
then I will tell you what will happen. How many people remember
this particular news?
A case study of Air Canada is being taught now.
It happened in 2023 or 2024.
What happened was that there was this passenger
whose grandmother died and
she had to travel quickly. Obviously.
So what did she do? She went to Air Canada's website and asked her chatbot
what is the bereavement fare? Bereavement fare is basically
if someone dies in your family or friends,
then these companies offer you a discount for this situation.
I don't know if it happens in India or not but Air Canada gives it.
So what did this chatbot do?
He hallucinated and told her to pay the entire amount
and pay the ticket and then
return the entire amount.
Now this person travelled by paying the ticket and when he returned
for the reimbursement, his support said
that there is no such policy. If you want bereavement fare,
then you have to pay the discount before the ticket is paid.
We don't give you any discount later.
This person was emotionally disturbed.
He got angry and dragged Air Canada to the court.
Now what does Air Canada say? They tried to play smart.
They said that this chatbot on our website
is a separate entity. It doesn't come under our company.
So they tried to make it look like a dependent contractor.
The judge said that this does not seem logical.
If your website is your company's property, then your chatbot
is also your property. So whatever he says,
it will be considered that it is coming from your company.
Finally, Air Canada lost this case. They had to pay the entire refund
which was not a big amount but a lot of insults were also made.
After this case study,
companies used to be very careful about what their chatbot is doing online.
This was the first case study. I guess you are getting an idea
how risky it can be if you deploy your LLM application without evaluating it.
Another case study is similar.
Chevrolet is an American car company. It was also in India.
They had a dealer. I don't know where the dealer was in the US.
They made their own chatbot.
You can ask them about the car,
the colors and models available in your dealership.
So this guy came and
jailbreak the chatbot. He wrote a prompt
that going forward in this conversation, whatever I demand from you
you have to fulfill. Is that okay?
The dealer did not apply the guardrail
so the chatbot agreed. This guy asked
that he wants this particular car for $1.
Is the deal confirmed? The chatbot said
that the deal is confirmed. He even said that this is a binding offer.
Obviously, the car was not purchased for $1 but he clicked
screenshots and posted them on social media.
This went viral and was very insulting.
Again, this is treated as a case study that why you should not
install your chatbots, RAC applications without
testing them online. There is one more case study.
I am telling you all these case studies so that you can sit in your mind
how important it is to properly evaluate your LLM applications.
This is another case.
There was this guy, again I don't know his name,
he was in a flight, it was a Colombian flight
and what happened was that the air hostess who comes in the flight
with lunch, whatever is in their box
this container injured this guy and this guy
sued this airline.
So the lawyer who was representing
this case, what did he do? He went to chatgpt
and found some other cases where similar incidents
happened and the airline was punished.
Now apparently chatgpt generated some fake
cases with names and everything.
And the lawyer went to court with the fake cases
and gave them to the judge. That this has happened in the past
and the passenger gets compensation. When the judge
searched, no such cases came up.
Eventually the judge got angry and put a penalty on the lawyer
of around 5000 dollars. And again this was a case which got
very very popular. That he is simply hallucinating chatgpt
creating facts and people are using it in professional scenarios
as if it is true. So these are three cases
where you can actually see that if you properly
test your chatbots, your rag applications, your agents
without putting them online, then not only you may face
monetary loss but at the same time your company may get insulted
and your brand may get spoiled. So a lot of things are at stake.
So till now what we were doing was that we made a project
and did a vibe testing and then deployed it.
And then we showed it to a recruiter. This does not work.
In the industry there is a proper step in between which we call
LLM evaluation. And what you do there is that you
extensively test the application you have made.
I hope you are understanding. After looking at these three cases
that the evaluation of LLM and LLM based applications
is super important. Do you agree guys?
Do you agree with it yes or no? Or do I need more
case studies to convince you?
Do you feel that the playlist that we are going to read
is important on the basis of the discussion till now?
Does it feel like that? Right.
Okay. So let's discuss one more thing.
The next discussion is that if LLM based
applications are so important to test,
which is visible, there are cases in front of our eyes, then
why don't everyone test after making LLM applications?
You will see that people who make it, they do vibe testing
and deploy it. Mostly. This is not so much a culture that LLM's
should have proper evaluation. So the question is that
why is it not a norm to evaluate LLM applications?
The answer to this is that because
it is not straight forward. It's not like
software applications where testing is straight forward.
How many people are software developers or software
testers here? If anyone is, please tell me once.
You can tell me in the chat or whatever you can tell.
Yeah. So a few people are there. So
they will know that software testing is still a bit straight forward.
Because I have written two lines here.
Let's read it once and then discuss it. So traditional
software testing checks whether deterministic logic
gives expected output. Simple means that
if you have written a calculator program, then you will give it
2 and 3, then its output can only be 5.
Nothing else can happen. So this is deterministic.
Whereas LLM application testing checks whether
probabilistic behavior meets a definition of good. This means
that in the case of LLM's or LLM based applications
that for the same input, output
can be very very different. Right? If I ask what is overfitting
from the chat bot, from the chat GPT, then the answer that I will show
might be totally different from the answer that it shows to you. Right?
Words will be different, number of sentences will be different, it can be one paragraph
or two paragraphs. But my answer is also right, your answer is also right.
So first of all, this is the first complexity that makes LLM
based evaluations difficult. In software, it is simple. You will put
test cases, on the basis of that either the answer will be yes or no.
The test case will either pass or fail. But in the case of LLM's
there is a grey area. There are three major differences.
I will tell you three. First is that
your fixed output is in software.
Whereas your flexible output is
in the case of LLM's which I have just told you.
This is the same thing.
There is no need to discuss it separately. Fixed output means deterministic. Flexible output
means probabilistic. Second, in the case of software
you only measure correctness. That
I put two and three, the program gave five.
Is it correct or not? That's all that matters. Whereas in LLM
application you do multi-dimensional quality testing.
You test whether it is correct or not. You test whether
it is relevant or not. The answer to whether it is relevant or not is that
suppose I asked what is overfitting?
He gave me the definition of underfitting.
He gave the correct definition of underfitting. Is it relevant?
No, it is not relevant. I asked overfitting and he told underfitting.
I have to check the relevance. Is it completeness or not?
He told me the answer completely or not? Is it grounded or not?
If we are making a rag application, the result in my data
is it giving the answer on the basis or not? Or is it making it by itself?
Is the answer safe? Now he gave me the definition of overfitting
while telling me the definition. Because the model was trained
in this way. So this is also risk involved. You have to understand this too.
So I am saying that testing of LLM based application
is not straight forward. In software based testing you
have to check whether the output is correct or not
You have to check multiple things apart from correctness
because of which the overall process of
evaluating LLMs becomes very difficult.
I hope you understood.
Please tell me, did you understand this point?
In comparison to software testing, it is much much harder
to evaluate LLM based software. Did you understand this point?
Did you understand this point?
Okay.
So finally we will
discuss what are LLM evalutes?
Okay. We have read that
why LLM evalutes are needed. We have read that
why it is difficult to evaluate LLM especially in comparison
to software testing. Now let's read what exactly LLM evalutes are.
So this is kind of
formal definition. Let's read it and then understand.
So LLM evalutes are systematic and repeatable
tests used to measure whether an LLM
or an LLM based application is performing well
according to a clear definition of good. Listen again.
I am saying it again. LLM evalutes are systematic
and repeatable tests used to measure
whether an LLM or an LLM based application is
performing well according to a clear definition of good.
There are three words here which I have written in orange. These three things matter a lot.
First systematic, second repeatable and third definition of good.
Okay. Systematic means that
a system is defined to evaluate an LLM based application.
It's not random. There is a system involved.
Repeatable means that if there are some changes in your system
then the method of evaluating your LLM
will evaluate the change and give it to you. Which means it is
repeatable. You can repeat it at any time. And third,
there is a clear definition of good. You should already know
what is good? How will this LLM application work?
What is the nature of good? Now I know this is a dry definition and
you won't understand it. I will explain it through an example.
Example is, suppose I am making a chart board
for you. Okay. CampusX's chart board.
What will CampusX's chart board do? CampusX's
chart board, if you have any doubt on our lectures
then you can ask CampusX's chart board.
And CampusX's chart board will answer you based on the lecture content.
So it is a rag application which is running on our lecture data.
Now let's discuss here that first of all,
if you are performing an evaluation then how will you do it systematically?
So first of all, what I will do to test this,
I will create a data set. Data set of
user queries. So what I will do
I will bring 50-100 user queries.
And in those queries, I will deliberately try
to put in every kind of use case. I will put a simple
straightforward user query where the child is asking a simple question.
I will put a query where the child is asking a very complex question.
I will also bring a query where the child is asking a random question
which has no meaning. I will also bring a query where
the child is asking a query in another language on which our model is not trained.
I will also bring a query where the child is abusing the question.
You get my point? I will create a very representative
data set in which I will try to capture
what are the different kind of scenarios that my chart board
can face when it is online and is answering people.
And then I will perform an evaluation on the basis of this data set in the future.
So you can see there is a system in place.
Second, this system is repeatable.
Repeatable in the sense that if I have made some changes in my chart board tomorrow
First I was using OpenAI LLM, now I am using Anthropic LLM.
Even then I can perform this evaluation with the help of this data set.
I have made some changes in the system tomorrow. I have used some other
databases or I have changed the internal architecture
even then I can perform the evaluation. It is repeatable.
And third, there is a definition of good. This is the most important point.
While evaluating me, I should know
what will be a good chart board. So I will sit and
I will understand according to my business use case
what metrics I have to define on which the chart board should score well.
For example, there is a metric for me called
simplicity of explanation. I rate it very high.
If my chart board will run on my website, then it will explain
in a very simple language. Second,
I can say that there should be a pattern to explain by giving examples in my chart board.
If it gives examples, I will consider it good.
If it doesn't give examples, I will consider it bad.
Third, I want it to be humorous.
I want it to never get angry or frustrated
by any child by mistake.
So, can't be angry. This can also be
a definition of good. Obviously, you cannot say
any bad words. So, you can see,
I am defining a logic on the basis of this.
This is my definition of good. On the basis of this,
I will perform an evaluation on this data set which I
generated. So, this is how LLM evaluations
work. The foundation of LLM eval is that
you evaluate your LLM system or application
in a systematic, repeatable way according to your business use case.
There is a clear definition of good.
After defining that, your evaluation is performed.
At this point, you may not understand how it is done step by step.
We will make our own custom evaluation pipeline in the future.
The example I am giving, maybe we will work on this.
But at this point, understand that LLM evaluation, this definition is a very proper definition.
And if you are not understanding it, it's okay. You can
stay loose. It's okay. If you don't understand it, it's fine.
So, yeah. Did you get some 50-60%
of this entire discussion? What happened to LLM evals?
Okay.
Now, let's come to the most important part of this lecture.
The most important part of this lecture is
that I will show you a complete landscape.
I will show you
what all LLM evals has.
There are a lot of things in LLM evals. And that's why when a beginner
starts reading this topic, he gets a little scared.
There are so many tools, so many terms, what all to read, in what order to read.
He is not understanding. But I promise you that
in the next 30 minutes, I will make a very good
roadmap, kind of, and show you.
So, you will create a mental model in your mind.
If you listen to any new term or tool tomorrow, you will understand what it does.
In LLM evals.
So, at this point, let's take a 5-minute break.
There is no break. You can ask questions. If there is any question on the basis of the discussion so far.
Does eval have to be
repeatable for model as well? Models quality will definitely impact
the result. Yes, it has to be repeatable.
If eval is not repeatable, then there is no point.
Sir, will we get the notes of all these videos? Yes, we will.
It will be with a little delay. It's not like we will get it tomorrow, but we will get it.
Sir, can we use another LLM to check our rag application? Yes.
This is a proper technique. We call it LLM as a judge.
In this playlist, we will read a 2-hour lecture.
So, yes, it happens. It is a very common technique.
Where you use another LLM to test an LLM based application.
Is there any other question at this point?
Is automated reasoning considered part of evals
or different concept?
I am not sure about this technique.
Sorry, I can't see it.
Sorry.
Sir, that means if we make any LLM based
app, then the tools used to eval it, that is LLM evals.
Not usual. Only tools are not called LLM evals.
In the next discussion, you will understand what is in LLM evals.
I am going to teach you that next. Not only tools.
If we use LLM as a judge, then how should we trust on another LLM
that is right. That's the point.
The definition of good that we discussed, on the basis of that, you make sure
that the next LLM will judge correctly. You will understand after some time.
But here, it takes a lot of your brain.
That LLM is working on your behalf, but what you have to do with it,
is your decision.
Okay.
Let's discuss the landscape of LLM evals.
In simple words, in the next half hour, I am going to explain to you
what all things are there in LLM evals.
Like someone just said, that only tools are there in it.
The answer is no. In this, apart from tools, many other things are there.
So we are going to understand what all are there in this lecture.
So the whole landscape of LLM evals,
I would like to give a disclaimer here. This landscape that I am going to tell you,
I have not picked it up from any book or research paper.
This is my own kind of landscape.
I have organized it in this way. So don't do this,
that you go and start quoting people that this is what happens in LLM evals landscape.
No, this is designed by me, so that I can teach you properly.
This is not published, you can't quote it.
This is a disclaimer. Okay. So yeah, coming back,
that in the next half hour, our goal is to understand
what all comes in LLM evals.
So we are going to understand the big picture of LLM evals.
And you must have already seen on the screen that I have divided this whole thing
into five categories. What are those five categories?
The first category is target.
Target means the thing that you want to evaluate.
That entity or object that you want to evaluate.
Think about it, if we do software testing,
then what do we test there?
What entity do we test? What is the entity that you test?
Can you write those people who are coming from software development?
What is the target in software testing?
Anyone? What do you test? What is tested?
No, not output, outcome. Yes, as Hemanshu said,
function. You write functions in code.
So a lot of software testing is done on functions.
That whether this particular function is working properly or not. Tell me something else.
Apart from functions, who else is tested?
Programs are tested. But generally programs are a set of functions.
So generally, functions are tested. APIs are tested.
So it can be said that the target in software testing
is the function or the API that is tested.
Here, in LLM based applications,
can you tell me what are the targets?
What do we target? What do we evaluate?
What do we evaluate?
Let me tell you, I have written it here.
In LLM based systems,
you can target four things.
First is model. Model as in your LLM.
If you want, you can evaluate LLM.
This is the first target.
And you do this so that you can understand which LLM will be right for a particular application.
Think about it. Sometimes it happens that
for your particular use case, it is not necessary that the frontier model is the best.
It is possible that a small model
can perform better on a specific thing.
Take an example. Let's say I am making a chatbot
that will answer coding related questions.
Now I have two options. One option is that I use
Anthropic's Opus model. Or the second option is
that I use Quen's coding model.
And by testing, I found that Quen's model
is smaller in coding based tasks but it is giving better results because
it is trained on coding based data.
The first thing that you evaluate is model.
Because by the evaluation of model, you can understand which LLM is most suitable for a particular LLM based application.
The second thing
that you target and evaluate is
components. Now you have to understand one thing here.
In any LLM based system, there is LLM at the center.
But there are many other machines around it
which are combined to form your overall system.
The best example of this is Rack. Can you tell me
what other components are there in Rack apart from LLM? Write it in the chat and tell me.
In a Rack system,
what are the components apart from LLM? Right, VectorDB,
Retrievers, Rerankers,
there are many other components.
So in LLM evals, you can test LLM
but you can also test individual components.
Like your prompt, your retriever,
your reranker, your context builder. If you are using
LLM, you can test its tool call.
If you are using output parser, you can test it.
You can test the guardrail. There is a memory system. You can test memory individually.
So I have told you two targets so far.
LLM and different components of a LLM based system.
The third thing that you can evaluate
is workflow. Workflow is basically
a connected flow of components.
Like a Rack pipeline. How does a Rack pipeline work?
User's question comes, you retrieve the document, build the context,
generate the answer and after generating the answer, you cite the sources.
So this is a proper workflow. So you can
evaluate this workflow. Similarly,
you made an agent. User gave the goal, you generated the plan,
you created the tool, you chose the tool, called the tool, observed the result,
went to the next step and went to the final answer. This is again a workflow.
You can evaluate this entire workflow.
This is the third entity that you can evaluate.
And the fourth one is your complete finalized application.
You made a customer chatbot, or an AI tutor,
or a legal document assistant. These are like proper products
that are being made online. So you can evaluate these as well.
Think about it. How does a deployed application
perform an evaluation? What do you evaluate?
What can you evaluate in an already running application?
Think about it. If there is an application which is running, it's live,
how can you perform an evaluation there? Latency,
how long is the system giving me the result?
How much time is the system taking? How much cost is being incurred
in generating the per answer? Is the system running properly?
How many resources are being used? You test all these things in an online system.
So did you get my point? We are discussing
what all comes in LLMEvalves. And the first thing we discussed
is that the most important thing in LLMEvalves is that
what do you want to evaluate? And we read four things.
First, what is it? Your LLMEvalves. You can evaluate your LLMEvalves.
Second, you can evaluate different components of your system.
You can evaluate a workflow.
And you can evaluate a completely deployed, completed application.
So these are four things which you can call
as target. Target means something which you
evaluate. Is it clear? Is the first
part of this landscape clear? This is the first
part of the landscape. Is it clear?
Is there anyone who is going from above? I don't understand.
It's not making sense. You can give feedback. I mean, in real time, I can
try to change my level of
explanation, if you will say so.
So far, it's okay. We spent half an hour in class.
I guess it's been 45 minutes. Is it fine?
Okay. So now let's talk
about the next thing. In the landscape of LLMEvalves,
the next and perhaps the most important thing, which I am calling
as criteria. What was the target?
The thing which you evaluate.
Criteria is actually the definition of good
which we were discussing earlier. So the target
which you are evaluating, on what aspect
are you evaluating it? We call it criteria.
For example, if I am evaluating an LLME,
then on what aspect will I evaluate it?
I am calling this criteria. Can someone tell me quickly,
if we are evaluating an LLME, then can you tell me some
criteria, some aspect on which you can evaluate LLMEs?
Relevancy, hallucination. Hallucination is good. Latency is also good. Yes,
latency can be an answer. Token generation speed is also a good
metric. Is there toxicity or not?
Ground truth is a little rag based.
Is there bias or not? You are telling more
about rag criteria, but yeah, a lot of people
were right. So let me define it again.
Target means the thing which you are evaluating. Criteria means
on what aspect of that thing are you evaluating it?
Now there are categories in this as well.
There are four categories in this. First category is
capability. Second category is
application quality. Third is safety and security and fourth is operation.
These are four aspects. Capability
simply means what are the capabilities of
the things you are using in the LLME. Quickly write me
again and tell me what type of capabilities
can be there apart from producing text.
Producing text is a general capability but what kind of... Yeah, one capability
could be generating code, reasoning is a capability,
mathematical reasoning can also be called a capability,
general knowledge can be called a capability, multimedia
understanding can also be called a capability.
So basically these are the same capabilities. Capability
means we are talking about the aspects on which we judge
LLMs. Second is application quality.
Application quality means the application
you make using LLM, rag application, agents
whatever you measure,
the way they work, the things you evaluate,
you will put all those aspects in this bucket. Third comes
safety and security. I guess you can understand if your chatbot is toxic
or hallucinating or giving harmful
instructions. So measuring all those things
comes in this bucket. And finally, operations is
a fourth bucket where we put those metrics, those aspects
which tells whether your application is
running properly in production. Like latency,
token count, time for first token,
P95 latency, all these things come in fourth bucket.
So we discuss all these buckets one by one.
First of all, let's discuss the capability bucket. Let's go up again
so that you don't get confused. I am backtracking once because
it may get confusing. What did we come to discuss?
We came to discuss that
what all comes in the term LLMEvalse.
I said we will discuss this
in five parts. First of all, we will discuss
what LLMEvalse is applied on.
What object is applied on which entity.
So we came to know that there are four things. There is model
which is our LLM. There are components which we use to build systems.
There are workflows and there is the final application.
After that, I said that the second LLMEvalse comes in
criteria. Criteria means the system
which you are evaluating, on what aspect basis you are evaluating it.
We are discussing this. And there are four things in this.
Capability, application quality, safety and security
and operations. So keep tracking this
otherwise you will get confused.
First of all, let's talk about capability. This is strictly related
to LLMs. Whenever we talk about capability
we talk about LLMs. Your whole application is a rag application
but when we talk about capability, we are talking about the brain of the system
which is the LLM. There are many things in this but the most common
capabilities which is talked about the most is reasoning capability.
Second, coding capability, math capability,
knowledge capability, instruction following capability,
long context handling capability,
multimodal understanding capability and finally, tool use
capability. And to judge every capability
we have some benchmarks. Maybe you have heard about these things
Have you ever heard about these terms? MMLU,
Human eval, GSM 8K,
MMLU Trivia QA, IF eval
maybe you have heard about this. Needle in a haystack,
MMMU, tool bench. These are all benchmarks
which we will discuss in the next lecture. We will discuss all of these in detail.
The simple thing about these benchmarks is
they tell you whether your LLM has all these capabilities
or not. For example, I will show you one example
its name is
GSM 8K
So this is
your benchmark which makes us understand
that any new LLM
which has the capability to solve math problems
So whenever there are new models like Gemini,
Anthropic, Cloud or OpenAI
they run these benchmarks
before releasing their model and they get a score
and they show the same score that we have topped
and only then we know how capable a particular LLM is.
If you have seen or followed LLM or chatbot
so these are kind of leaderboards which tell you
which model is leading
and on what basis it is leading.
Here you can see
instruction following, math, multi-turn capabilities, coding
creative writing. These are the aspects which we are discussing here.
Is the point clear? We will not deep dive
into how MMLU works or
what kind of problems are there in the SWE bench. We will discuss all these in the next session.
I just wanted to give you a high level overview
that the criteria point we are discussing
the first point is
capability and we were just discussing the different
different type of capabilities that a LLM can have. Is it clear till now?
Then we can move on to the next criteria
which is application quality.
In application quality, the funda is simple. You have used LLM
and made an application and on the basis
of the nature of the application, you evaluate it.
For example, if you have made a general chatbot which is not a rag chatbot
or agent, then you will check it on the basis of different things
like correctness, relevance, completeness, clarity
instruction following. These are some of the metrics on which you judge
these are the aspects on which you check.
If you are making a rag chatbot, then in the rag chatbot
the relevance of retrieval, context recall, faithfulness
answer relevance, citation accuracy
these are the metrics that you follow. If you are building an agent
then tool selection accuracy, argument correctness
task completion ratio, every step
efficiency, if the agent fails then how much accuracy
is required to recover it. These are the metrics
inside application quality. Similarly, we also have
multi-ton conversation quality and structured output quality.
For now, ignore this as well. The point is clear that application quality
means when you are making a system on LLM
then what is the way to evaluate it.
So
we have read two points in criteria.
This one is done, this one is done.
Let's quickly discuss safety and security.
The simple meaning of safety and security is that the system you have created or your LLM
or LLM based system is both safe and secure.
So here you evaluate in many ways. You check toxicity
and harmful content. There are different metrics for that. You can just
read these metrics. You must have heard them before. But now you are understanding
that where can I place it mentally. So we have toxicity and
harmful content, bias and fairness
metrics, hallucination metrics
and other metrics. You have different metrics for
sycophancy and dishonesty, jail breaks, prompt injection
and other metrics to judge dangerous capabilities.
So this is your third dimension
inside criteria. And the fourth one is
operations which we have discussed here.
Operations is basically that once you deploy your application
and then you measure
latency and responsiveness.
So here you have metrics such as P95 latency. 95%
users feel how much latency is there in the system. Cost efficiency
is one more important metric where you check the token usage
cost per query, model cost
comparison. We also have reliability and availability
where you can see how reliable your system is.
Reliable in the sense how long it was up
and if it failed and how quickly it came back online.
You check such things. In monitoring and observability
you check every trace that is coming, you lock it.
So you do such things here. And finally in drift and regression
tracking you basically check that
over time your model or system is not degrading.
These things you measure here. So basically
these four things come in your criteria.
So target was which thing you evaluate.
Criteria is
which aspect basis you evaluate. Next comes
method. Method is basically that you
how
you perform the evaluation. It is a little
good. I feel you can get confused because of the language.
But I will try to explain anyways. Target was
which thing you are evaluating. Criteria is
which aspect you are evaluating. Method is
how you are evaluating it. There are different ways. I will tell you.
If you go here, I will show you.
There are four different ways. First is
human judgment. One way is that you
make a human sit and tell him that you evaluate
the system. This is the best way to evaluate any LLM
based application. Because human judgment is still better than
any kind of AI. So making a human sit and
tell him to do the work is super good. But can you tell me what is the problem with this approach
if we keep humans for evaluation.
What can be the problem?
It is simple. This is not scalable.
If you make humans sit and do the testing or evaluation
then it is not scalable in the sense that it will be very costly.
You will have to pay salary and there is a good chance that you
can't even do it. How many test cases can a human think?
How many things can he gather? That is the problem. It is not scalable.
Second is automated checks. So there are some
programmatic techniques with which
you can perform evaluations. Again, I can't go into
technical depth here because there are many things to study here.
But you can do things programmatically.
It is just that you can't handle many cases programmatically.
For example, if you have made a rag based application then you can't
evaluate it programmatically.
Let's say you have
given an example. Tell me an LLM application
which has a structured output
from the system. Like a JSON type
output. Can you tell me a scenario like this? I can't think of one.
Can you give me an example where we have made an LLM application
whose output is not a chatbot type output. I cannot chat with it
but it is using LLM and giving me a JSON type output.
I am trying to think of an example.
Let's say there is a weather forecast
app. Though for weather forecast you will mostly
use a different forecasting model. But let's say
you have given a good example
like DP Sharma. Web scraping
of resumes. Let's say we have made a system
where your system is looking at a resume and
analyzing it and giving us a score
that how suitable the candidate is.
There is a system where the output is JSON.
You can programatically evaluate this type of system.
There are techniques which will programatically evaluate it.
But not a rag based system. Because there can be any output
and this technique fails.
The third and most used technique which you will read the most in this course
is model as a judge or we call it LLM as a judge.
Basically what you do is
you come in between these two techniques. Humans give us the most judgment power
and you can scale it through programming.
LLM as a judge comes in between. It has
human like judgment and it has
the power to scale programming. That is why
the methods used the most in the industry
to evaluate any kind of LLM based application
not any kind but most of the types of LLM based application that is LLM
as a judge. We will spend the most time on this in this course.
There is a fourth method of performing
LLM evaluations that is production feedback.
When your system is deployed,
you perform evaluations. How?
You take the help of your users. Like what you are doing is
getting the user rating done. Or you are getting thumbs up and thumbs down done.
So, evaluations are being done on the basis of this.
Suppose you defined a metric like I defined a metric during making a chart board of CampusX
that there should be simple examples
or there should be simple explanations while giving every answer.
So, what I will do is during a session, I will give 4-5 explanations
and then I will pop up and ask my student
was my explanation simple?
Yes or No? So, the user said no.
So, it was evaluated and I got to know that whatever was there till now
was not getting the answer by being simplified. So, during production
you can take the feedback
and perform the evaluation.
AB testing also comes in this. You have taken out two different versions
of your chart board with one model and another with another model
and you are finding out which model is giving the most simple explanation.
Your user is telling you. So, you perform evaluations in production as well.
So, this is the fourth technique. So, in nutshell
we will discuss 4 types of methods in this course. Human judgment
which is less but is very powerful in the sense
that generally it will be correct. But the problem is
that you cannot scale it. It is very costly. Second is
to evaluate through automated checks or programming.
But it will not work on every type of application. It will generally work on that type of application
where output is controlled.
You get to see a particular type of output as we discussed earlier.
The resume type. Third is LLM as a judge where you are using
LLM to evaluate an LLM based application.
And third is production feedback where you evaluate even after
being deployed with the help of user behavior. So, these are the 4 methods
which we will discuss in this course. So, again let's go up
we covered the third thing. What methods
come in LLM evaluation. We are backtracking again.
We studied in target. What things can be evaluated.
We studied in the theory that what aspects can be evaluated
in those targets. And in the method we studied the method
of evaluating them. After that the next comes
life cycle or we can call it timing. Timing simply
tells us when we are performing evaluations.
So, there are two in this. One comes your
offline evaluation and the other
comes online evaluation. Offline evaluation means
you are performing the evaluation when your system
is being made. It is not deployed. People are not using it.
At that time the evaluations you perform are called
offline evaluations. And once your system is deployed
after that the evaluations are called
online evaluations. So, the example I just gave you that the user is telling you
by giving a thumbs down. That is an example of online evaluation.
You are checking if the latency of your deployed app
or the speed of token per second is how much. Then this is an online evaluation.
If you are checking in the process of making a rag chatbot
that how much is the faithfulness score. Then it is an offline evaluation.
So, you can understand this immediately. You can see any metric
read its description and you will understand whether it is online or offline.
Basically, it is telling you at what point of time
you are performing the evaluation. I hope you understood.
So, this was the fourth thing. Life cycle or timing.
You read the target, criteria, method and timing.
The last thing is tools. What are tools?
Tools is basically the infra needed to run, track
and manage the evaluation. So, all this
discussion, who facilitates this work?
Tools. So, there are certain categories in tools. We will discuss that later.
So, there are four categories in tools. First is
evaluation frameworks. Second is benchmarks.
Third is end-to-end platforms. And fourth is safety tools.
You will mostly see these four types of tools in this playlist
and in general when you search on the internet. What are evaluation
frameworks? These are basically frameworks
with which you can perform many types of evaluations.
There are two types of frameworks. One is general frameworks.
They give you the option to evaluate different types.
The most popular one is DeepEval. We will use it in our course.
This is the library. There is a company called Confident AI.
This is their library. You will see
that you can perform many types of evaluations in this.
What is this? It's strange.
DeepEval. This is the library.
I don't know what is happening. Is this happening with you as well?
So, it's not like this.
I don't know. This seems like an issue on my laptop.
In any case, DeepEval is a library
with which you can evaluate agents,
RAC chartboards,
safety-based evaluations, everything.
It's a general kind of framework.
This is an example of a general framework. Then there are specialized frameworks
which are used to run a particular type of evaluation.
This is an example of this. This is RAC.
RAC is a library which is used for evaluation of RAC-based applications.
This is the library.
Then there is a library called TrueLens.
TrueLens is for agents.
If you are making agents, you can use TrueLens to evaluate them.
This is again a specialized library.
Benchmarks. Benchmarks are used to tell
how LLMs are in a particular task or capability.
These are the tasks. Reasoning, coding, math, knowledge, etc.
These are the benchmarks which we have seen earlier.
We will read them in detail in the next lecture. This is the second set of tools.
Third is there are some end-to-end platforms
which do a lot of work for you. For example, you have to create a data set
which I told you earlier that I will create a data set of 30-40-50 questions.
I can do the management of that data set.
I can perform experiment tracking. I have changed the chunking size,
changed the vector database, run different experiments.
I can do version comparison. I can record human feedback.
I can bring observability to my system.
I can record every trace.
There are some tools which are used. Their example is Langsmith.
If you have seen it, I have made a YouTube video on it.
We also have Langfuse which is again a big name in this particular domain.
Arise Phoenix is also very popular.
Weave is also a tool. These are end-to-end platforms
which are trying to do everything. And lastly, we have some tools
which are specifically made for safety-related
evaluations. For example, with their help,
you can test jail breaks, prompt injection,
data leakage. Their example is PromptFoo.
This is a very popular tool which specifically
helps in safety-related evaluations.
Then we have another library
called PyRit. This is by Microsoft, I guess.
This is a Python risk identification tool.
This is used.
You can see that this way your entire landscape is made.
I will come back on the top
to this place. Now I will ask you
this question.
We spent around half an hour, maybe 45 minutes.
Do you have a better picture in your mind
in comparison to 45 minutes back? How the entire
landscape of LLMEvals is organized?
Basically, we discussed 5 categories. Target, which we have to evaluate.
Criteria, which aspect we have to evaluate. Method,
how to evaluate. Lifecycle, when to evaluate.
Tools, which we have to evaluate.
We put all these in the same place and tried to decode the entire landscape.
Honestly,
it's not a good idea to upload so much information
without any further study on the students.
I am realizing that I haven't studied well.
I was feeling that I am not able to express myself.
So please tell me once,
if you are feeling confusing. Basically, give me feedback so that I can improve.
Because I felt that
too much information can be processed for you.
Was it the case?
If it was the case, you can tell me. What I can do is I can take this class again.
I can do that too so that you can understand better.
Because I am not satisfied with the quality of explanation
after seeing the video.
As Shivam said, Deepanshu said,
too much information to process, too many classifications I felt.
Right.
If there were more examples, it would have been better.
Okay. Some people have a problem which I was feeling
in the process of explaining. It's okay.
It's all similar and confusing.
It's too much content but you can explain.
Okay.
Okay.
So, mostly we had to discuss this. Let's discuss one last thing.
Now that you have some idea about the entire landscape
and what all things are there in the LLM evaluations.
I will tell you how I have planned this course.
So, in total there will be 10 lectures. I am telling you the lecture by lecture plan.
There will be minimum 10 lectures.
It can be more than 10. So, this was our today's lecture
where I gave you an introduction of LLM evals and its landscape.
In the next lecture,
we will study the capability evals in detail.
This thing.
We will study this thing in detail.
How do you evaluate LLMs?
What are the different benchmarks? How does every benchmark work?
So, we will discuss the most popular benchmarks.
This will be our next session. Session number 2.
In session number 3, we will move to application quality evals.
We will discuss how to evaluate an application.
In this session, we are evaluating LLMs.
Here, we will learn to evaluate applications.
We will not go too deep.
This is the first session of application evaluation.
In session 4, we will learn how to create golden datasets and rubrics.
I told you earlier that I will make a dataset of 50-60 questions.
I will create a definition of good.
I will create a definition of good.
We will learn to make our own dataset in lecture 4.
In lecture 5, we will learn about programmatic evals.
Programmatic evals are the same that we discussed earlier.
We were making an application called a parser.
We were generating a score.
We will do that in lecture 5.
In lecture 6, we will learn the most important topic of the playlist.
LLM as a judge.
In lecture 7, we will learn how to evaluate racks.
In lecture 8, we will learn how to evaluate agents.
In lecture 9, we will learn how to evaluate safety.
In lecture 10, we will learn how to evaluate operational evals.
Operational eval is basically this thing.
We took 4-5 lectures.
This is the 9th lecture and this is the 10th.
This is the outline of the course.
At this point, it seems that everything will be done in one lecture.
But it is possible that we will have to do more coverage tomorrow.
This might be a playlist of 10-15 lectures.
But roughly, this will be the course outline.
You can tell me if you have any feedback on this.
I can add or subtract.
I can see that there are 80 people here.
There are many people who have problems with explanations.
I can take this class again on Monday.
I am not satisfied. I think I could have delivered better.
I think there could be confusion.
I won't say that you didn't try to understand.
It was a big topic to explain in 30-45 minutes.
But I think I can do better.
We have a session on Monday.
You have a session on Monday, right?
Just one second.
Yes, there is a session on Monday.
Would you be interested to do a repeat session on Tuesday?
I will repeat the session for those who didn't understand.
Pre-requisites for the next lecture.
The next lecture is Capability Eval.
There are no prerequisites here.
We are going to study the top benchmarks.
We won't go in-depth.
We will read the whole lecture in this way.
So that we have an idea as application developers.
What is the benchmark and what is the meaning of a benchmark.
This lecture will solve this purpose.
After watching the lecture, you will make a model selection in the process of making your application.
Now, you can use the open AI model or the anthropic model.
But in the future, you will understand better
which model is best for your given task based on these benchmarks.
There are no prerequisites.
Okay.
So guys, that's all I wanted to cover in the introductory session.
So what I will do is I will stay for 10-15 minutes.
I am looking at your chat.
Those who have no doubts, you can go.
Those who have doubts, you can stay.
You can ask your questions. I am looking at the chat.
Yes, we can do an extra session but not really required.
I am not satisfied. I will be very honest.
As a teacher, you feel that
were you able to give your 100% or not.
I felt that it was a bit rusty. As I said, I am taking a live session after a long time.
I feel that I need more practice. It is not necessary for you to come.
You will get the recording anyway.
The first session will be better than the first session.
So watch the recording of the second session. You don't need to attend it live.
Sir, can you please share the schedule dates for these lectures?
This is your course dashboard.
This is your monthly schedule.
You can see it from here.
Okay.
What else is there?
Yes, but please after 6.30 on Tuesday.
You can do it from 6.30. I will mention the time there.
Can you please tell us for the overall course?
Aniket will vary. He will vary in every session.
So I cannot say. I will mostly say that you should come to Langraph, Langchain
You should come to make rag applications.
So prerequisite.
When will we get notes, recorded sessions and current deck?
Shivani, recorded session will be available tomorrow.
It will take time to make notes.
I cannot say exactly how much time it will take.
It might be 3-4 weeks because it takes time to make notes.
And if you are talking about the deck, you will get it tomorrow.
Hi sir, one second.
If lecture on Monday has dependency on today's lecture, that will be repeat.
Can we do session after repeat session?
No, it will be a different session. It is a session of LLM Ops.
As such, there is no prerequisite. Anyone can join.
It is the first session.
It is not required that we do this session first.
Don't console me.
I am not sad.
I told you earlier that you have the power of feedback.
It means whenever you say that you are not understanding,
we will do everything to make sure that you understand.
Which might include taking a session again.
I don't care.
It's okay.
Sir, my WhatsApp number is different than registered number sent mail regarding this.
If Abhishek mails, it will be handled.
Sufil will handle the query.
Sir, I am not able to see DSMP 2 content.
No, we have broken the content of DSMP 2 into 10 courses.
If you go and see all the courses, you will see.
DSMP part 1, part 2, part 3, and part 10 are available.
So all the content is available.
Rag eval is covered in advanced rag.
Yes, it is covered there too.
We will cover it again here because it is overlapping in this course.
It is covered there too.
Please show us where to join WhatsApp group.
You can see the WhatsApp community link here.
You will find this link here.
You have to join from here.
Want to start from scratch?
Sir, Sufil, there was an update.
Start with machine learning, then deep learning, then gen. AI.
Sir, where is the notes section?
There is no section for notes.
Notes are also a course.
There is a course called 100 days of machine learning in your dashboard.
If you go there, you will find notes.
No, you are not audible.
Wait, I will do it.
Yes, tell me.
Am I audible?
One minute.
I will tell you.
One minute, I can't hear.
Audio.
Select a speaker.
Hello.
I can't hear.
Select a speaker.
Wait.
Say it now.
Am I audible?
Sir, there is an update for instant notes.
We are uploading the transcripts.
We can generate pointers by putting them in LLM.
The notes that we make will be available after a few weeks.
Okay.
I think you understood.
It is already given below the orientation session.
If anyone wants to take a look, they can have it from there.
Okay, I guess you understood.
Okay.
I am 5 minutes away. If you have any other questions, you can ask.
Okay.
Okay, Manjula.
I will take this feedback.
If any cloud provider service is available,
we can see that too.
The method and life cycle are a bit overlapping.
The user feedback is coming in both.
Yes, obviously overlapping will happen.
We are discussing how to evaluate and when to evaluate.
So, overlapping will happen.
Sir, there is a plan for LLM on GPU in the future.
What does LLM on GPU mean?
Sir, what is the progress on your book?
What is the progress on your book? Which book are you talking about?
The one that I uploaded a few days ago on YouTube.
It is not working on it.
Although, my book is getting published. It is getting published on Amazon.
It is complete on machine learning. Hopefully, in July, I will launch it.
So, that is the book on which it is working.
For around 1.5 years. Sir, will you get some guidance
after this?
Yes, you can ask. If I can do it, definitely.
LLM training on GPU. Yes, yes. We will work on the builder side of things.
Hopefully, after this playlist.
Book available on O'Reilly. No, no, no. Not on O'Reilly.
That book will be published by a publisher.
I don't know how many of you have read Let Us See.
Do you know the author of Let Us See?
Yashwant Sir. Yashwant Kanitkal.
He and I are writing a book together.
On machine learning. The name of that book is
Let Us Learn Machine Learning.
That book is getting released in July.
We have been working on it for the last 1.5 years.
We started in 2024.
Now the book has been completed.
Editing and everything is happening. Yes, he is a mechanical engineer.
He is a very old and very good author.
He reached me out and he said, let's write a book together
on machine learning. Then we worked together for
1.5 years. That book will be released.
Hopefully, in July. You can buy it from Amazon.
I will tell you about it on my channel. Let it come once.
It's okay. I got the feedback. Basically, these libraries
are the only ones you can run on cloud tools.
Sir, how do you have such immense knowledge?
I don't have immense knowledge.
I can just say that I have spent more time than you in this field.
So maybe I know a bit more.
But I don't feel such immense knowledge.
Sir, please try. The language of the book should be simpler.
I have tried one thing in Dipan Should Trust. Language is very simple.
Hopefully, you will like it.
Yes, sure.
Module 4th, session 4th
will be practical for you.
Book language. It's in English.
It's written in English.
Sir, currently I am working as a data engineer. Sir,
do you have any plan to use related tools in your project
to make agents? I am not only talking about Databricks, but similar tools
that we are making agents for. Do you have any plans for sessions for that?
Pratyush, currently there is no plan for such tool-dependent sessions.
One thing I always focus on is that rather than
teaching you things that are tool-dependent, I would like to teach you things that are
concept based. So that even after the tool changes,
you can work on it. In the LLM evaluation
playlist that I am teaching, you will see that I will focus less on tools
and more on concepts. Because tools will keep coming.
Every day a new tool will come. Things are happening at such a speed.
So,
I am not focusing on tools right now. But again,
if you say, we can arrange a session. But there should be a tool that is really used.
It should be common. If there is a tool that is used by only one or two companies,
then it does not make sense.
Can we get projects to do hands on after every course and get
live support from your team? This will increase the confidence.
Okay, we can have a discussion about this. We can give projects,
but it is difficult to give live support to everyone.
Because there are so many people. So, what we can do is
we can give you projects. We can guide you.
And you can do a lot of things by making teams.
Sir, consider doing some hackathons for insiders. Yes, we will do that Abhishek.
That is our plan. But the first month has just started. We are also stabilizing a little.
The team is also getting a new task. So, we are stabilizing it.
After a month or two, we will do something like this. You guys also learn a little after that.
Any course planned on Harness Engineering future? Yes, Danish.
Harness Engineering is on our radar.
Hopefully, we will have a course or a small playlist on Harness Engineering.
Okay, I guess
there are no more questions. There are a couple of questions coming. Let's see them quickly.
Sir, I wanted to understand one thing. You are involved in so many things,
and you manage so well every day.
Is there any way or approach that you follow?
If you can share, then we can plan our day better.
We plan every day.
Honestly, Sudheet, you must be thinking that I manage well.
But the reality of my site is that I struggle a lot just like you.
I also have 5-10 tasks written in my day. And by the end of the day,
hardly 3-4 tasks are done.
The rest are not done. So, I am struggling a lot.
In time management and work-life balance,
I am really struggling right now. And I am myself trying
to figure out. I talk to chat GPT and Claude a lot about
how can I improve on this aspect personally.
So, not something on which I can explain or tell you something.
What are your views on Fable 5? Aman, I haven't used it yet.
Ajay has used it. And tomorrow he is going to take a session.
So, he will tell you something around Fable 5.
MN and JNI projects are mostly getting done on
Databricks and Azure based platforms for enterprise level.
So, I thought it would be really nice. Okay, Prem, noted.
We have heard these two things a lot. And hopefully, in coming days,
either we will create a YouTube playlist or
we can conduct a small workshop.
Sir, can we get transcripts for other languages?
Other lectures in the Insider course.
Yes, we will give you transcripts of all the lectures we will take live.
Sufal, will this be done? Tell me.
So, for all the
upcoming lectures,
we cannot promise the feasibility for previous courses right now.
Okay. You will get the transcripts for all the upcoming lectures.
Okay.
Okay, guys. I guess that's it.
So, I will summarize. We have completed the first session.
Me and some other people are not fully satisfied with the lecture.
So, we are having an extra session in which we will repeat the same thing on Tuesday.
Tomorrow, you have a session on
AI Pulse where you will be told about
what happened in the last two weeks in the world of AI.
That session will be taken by Ajay.
He prepared a lot this whole week sitting in the office.
So, I think I will take a good session. On Monday, you will have your first session on
the LLM Ops course. On Tuesday, you will have a repeat session.
It's your choice whether you want to come or not. And then on Wednesday,
it will be the second session. So, a lot of live sessions are there.
Plan your timetable and attend. What we guarantee is that you will get
the recordings the next day. You will get the transcripts the next day. If we are using
the notes, you will get the notes the next day.
I liked it. After taking the live session after a long time,
I will be taking the live session.
So, yeah, let's close the session.
Bye. Good night.